You are fucking courting death
Somebody bring the old woman out
Mom Aaron Aaron
I want you to kneel down for me right now
Otherwise, collect the body for your mother
Don't provoke me
I will destroy your nine clans in anger
Are you still bragging to me at this time?
I would like to ask what you are capable of
Can destroy my nine clans
I'll turn you into a turtle with one word
You really don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick.
I don't know what I can do
I count to three and you kneel for me
Otherwise, collect your mother's body
one two
wait
Who are you?
Ye Tianqiang, Chairperson of Xiatianqiang Group
You are the one who has so much money
The richest man in Yunzhou who can't spend all his life
What did you say you were looking for me for?